Cisco Umbrella (#35727)
demisto/content: Packs/Cisco-umbrella/Integrations/Cisco-umbrella-investigate/Cisco-umbrella-investigate_description.md

When using Cortex XSOAR credentials, insert your API key as the credential username and your API secret as the password.

### Step 1: Obtain Cisco Umbrella Investigate API Key & Secret

1. **Connect to Cisco Umbrella:**

>    - Access your Cisco Umbrella account dashboard.
> 
> 2. **Navigate to API Keys:**
>    - Click on **Investigate** in the menu.
> 
> 3. **Create New Token:**
>    - Locate and click on **API Keys**.
>    - Click **CREATE NEW TOKEN**.
>    - Provide a **Title** for your token (e.g., "Cortex XSOAR Integration").
>    - Click **Create** to generate the API key and secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Access your Cisco Umbrella account dashboard.

2. **Navigate to API Keys:**
   Click **Investigate** in the menu.

3. **Create New Token:**
   a. Locate and click **API Keys**.
   b. Click **CREATE NEW TOKEN**.
   c. Provide a **Title** for your token (e.g., "Cortex XSOAR Integration").
   d. Click **Create** to generate the API key and secret.
```
